enjoy today recipe I do not forget
subscribe us let's cook it hi
here is mum kitchen and welcome with
makeup on Hills
you know a little bit last days I didn't
pay too much attention to my channel
because I am very deeply in writing in
your recipe book which one is taking
most of my time but between the requests
and her actions and the videos was one
very special and the reckless force from
California how to make the real rock
goulash to tell you honestly - I am not
sure if is it really
dragalge about the Czech type of collage
or let's say my own goulash
because mr. ghoulash is it like with
many other special recipes when you have
like by tiramisu for example you have
wanted a muscle in each family is
different this is same with the goulash
so let's follow Micah's gosh what do we
need of course
beef and those little pieces cubes and
equally to the beef we need onion then
we need pepper paprika salt cumin garlic
flour tomato puree butter and you will
see I will go for the to the garden for
my children fresh marjoram later now we
will of course cut the onion it's a
maybe look a bit surprising but you need
love onion so for the food which one you
need for the onion because you need to
make quiet very brownish first onion
before meat and other things you can use
of course pork fat speck oil whatever
you like it not olive oil because this
is nothing common in our country now we
will heat up the oil
so we have the Khatami on which one we
are giving in the hot oil but is now
roasting up to will be really quiet dark
colored you will see and don't be afraid
of that because most women are making
this kind of mistake that they have only
the glass effect on the onion but this
is not right because this is the face to
the brown color
so we are cleaning up the the garlic
just to mash it and don't make big sorry
Kiwis
yeah Saavik Amin but you don't need to
be really so perfect
do you want to know how looks like the
first client for the goulash
yes para between the time I was already
preparing the Connecticut
this is this because this is the classic
side dish
there is goulash but you can use it
pacify you can use it potato some
someone like rice and I need to tell you
I love fresh fried bread for example
communicate you have already in our that
you will find between the videos
okay this is the bet in nature because
this is not ready but I want to show you
most of the women are stopping in this
point
no no propel this is still time to go
and look at the beautiful Connecticut in
the water really nice so be patient with
onion
and this moment we will put the garlic
inside
why not early because garlic is very
fast burn and if it's burned is like
Peter like have already know my space
it's actually very beautiful help
so now we are giving insider to me we
are all singing it yet all season
because the roads that need another
player which one is necessary to beat my
gosh you cannot rush you need to do it
with
they first a little bit cumin
women is the spice which one it happened
to you to digest of course so
it's different and still no water
because we have still enough juice
inside and again roasting roasting and
roasting now one is out the water from
the meat we are giving the tomato period
and we are still not giving any gram of
water still roasting yeah it's actually
up to you if you want to have more
spices a sharp one you put the red
pepper or chili or whatever or you have
sweet red pepper powder or you have
already sharp sharp one so it's really
up to you and with the tomato puree is
also up to you you can give it less or
even more it's up to you but we have
still without water because we are
getting all the water out it's again
roasting caramelizing and it's all
giving the raw right real flavor of the
garage
you see you see the bottom of the box
this is the right nice sink nice flavor
which one we need now I'm using overseas
workers
now we will softly cook up to the meat
it's really nice so another thing what I
wanted to show you we do you see it
sauce is merely thick and we needed
because this is made by the onion and
stuff
okay and my goulash is also on me so
goulash is getting be nearly ready we
just need to have a little bit thicker
sauce so I have the butter which one is
nicely heated up and I love this kind of
gold flavor on the butter because is
really giving smell beautiful smell of
the battle
and also you need to have it a little
bit darker the causes for the goulash
that mean we don't need her blood but we
need ground and it's of course also
because of the taste is better if you
make it a few a little bit roast the
flour process get to give some part of
tasty it's like in the time of my
grandmother she was always using the
butter
she was always using nicely-nicely the
flour in and actually when I was small I
love to eat it when was cold because she
had always in one pot always like the
reserve which one we called ishka yeah
this is exactly what we need the meat or
better the goulash you are cook cooking
so long time how hard to be if you have
because of course need to be soft meat
and now when we put the flour inside we
need about plus minus ten minutes more
as I talk to you
we need matron and I'm using the fresh
one from garden this is the last touch
so do you like it look at the garage how
looks really beautiful and the
Connecticut successful as well and as
you see you can put over the fresh no
neon you can roll put all roasted on my
own you can actually make the core as
you wish this is very classic and
special for the man and special is the
beer okay
don't forget cook it in the red t-shirt
otherwise you will be dirty like me and
let's enjoy it and I'm hundred percent
sure you subscribe us already ok don't
forget to click on the button because
you like it and let's cook it see you
soon